# Registration site for Tempus
*Created by Balázs Takács*

## Description

This project is a Frontend development task for Tempus Public Foundation. The task was to recreate a registration page based on a provided image. The site has no real functionality.

## Used technologies

This project is a Vite application built with React and TypeScript. It uses Scss for styling and implementing the responsive design. I used Lucide Icons for the icons.

### Installation

- Install the dependencies by running ```npm install``` in the project directory.
- Start the development server with ```npm run dev```.

## AI usage

During development I used GitHub Copilot to assist with code generation and suggestions. The used model was set to Auto, but the available options were:
- Claude Haiku 4.5
- GPT-5 mini
- GPT-5.4 mini
- Gemini 2.5 Pro
- Gemini 3 Flash (Preview)
- Gemini 3.1 Pro (Preview)

Below is a list of all the prompts I used during development, along with the generated code snippets.

### Prompts

The listed prompts below were used to generate code snippets with GitHub Copilot and I used them to solve a specific problem I was facing during development.

- main.scss
*How can I make sure that in the #nameRow div both input fields fill the available space and there's a 20px gap between them? Setting the .inputFieldBackground and the #nameRow to 100% width didn't solve the issue.*
```scss
#nameRow {
  display: flex;
  gap: 20px;

  .inputField {
    flex: 1 1 0;   // take equal available space
    min-width: 0;  // allow the element to shrink so width:100% children don't force overflow
  }
}
```
- TextInput.tsx, RegisterForm.tsx
*Where should I add aria-controls and labels?*
```html
<input
  id={name}
  name={name}
  type={showPassword ? "text" : type}
  placeholder={placeholder}
/>

<button
  type="button"
  onClick={() => setShowPassword(!showPassword)}
  className="showPassword"
  aria-controls={name}
  aria-label={showPassword ? "Jelszó elrejtése" : "Jelszó megjelenítése"}
>
```
```html
<input id={name} name={name} ... />
```
```html
<input id="accept" name="accept" type="checkbox" className="checkbox" />
<label htmlFor="accept">...</label>
```

### Autocomplete

The listed code snippets below were generated without providing any prompts, they were generated by GitHub Copilot's autocomplete feature.

- Register.tsx
```typescript
export default Register;
```
- RegisterForm.tsx
```typescript
export default RegisterForm;
```
- RegisterBackground.tsx
```typescript
export default RegisterBackground;
```
